# CS-305-Portfolio

  For this project I was tasked with creating a vulnerability assessment report for a company called Artemis Financial.  Artemis FInancial is a consulting company that devolops individualized financial plans for their clients.  They create financial plans including savings, retirement, investments, and insurance plans.  As Artemis Financial continues to modernize their operatioins, they are interested in utilizing the most current and effective software security.  The cmompany has a RESTful web application and they wanted to seek advice on how to protect their organization from external threats. 
  
  I think I did a good job of articulating the software seccurity vulnerabilites of the application, as well as providing insight on how these vulnerabilities can be mitigated.  Secure coding is very important because it ensures that the information being input or output from the application is not bein g altered in any way.  Secure coding is crucial for companies like Artemis Financial, where they would very likely face legal issues if they did not properly protect their client's data.  Aside from legal issues, companies like Artemis Financial would not be able to function without the trust of their clients and protecting client data is essential for maintaing trust.
  
  I think this project was a great way to get hands on experience with running Maven Dependency check reports and then writing up a vulnerability assessemtn report based on the findings.  After running the dependency check, each vulnerability that is detected can be selected to view severity, references, solutions, and tools concerned with each vulnerability, I found this very helpful for understanding each vulnerability and how it can be mitigated.

  Although this project did not include refactoring the code, I made sure it was functional by running the code and making sure no errors occured.  I checked the security of the code by running the maven dependency check analysis, but as we were not prompted to refactor the code, I just created a mitigation plan within the vulnerability assessment report, detailing what common solutions are known to solve each vulnerability detected in the dependency check. 
  
  Although I do not think I plan to show future employers this assignment, it is proof of my ability to run dependency check analysis on code and write up a vulnerability assessment report based on the programs functionality and the results of the dependency check.
